if 2023 was the year of practical AI
applications then 2024 is the year of
grabbing the nearest object holding it
down and duct taping that AI to it we've
got everything from AI enabled monitors
that identify and indicate where your
enemies are we found the bike with
integrated chat GPT hey how am I doing
buddy ped hotter idiot we've got this
humanoid robot from AI life that is for
entertainment purposes even the
promotional materials for the big Tech
Conference in Las Vegas are AI generated
making it clear that the industry is all
on when it comes to Ai and I'm all on
board to tell you about our sponsor
headphone juice is not something you
should be proud of these are your
typical headphones that accumulate heat
while you game e Wicked cushions added
cooling gel to their cushions to keep
your ears sweat free you can easily
replace them on your headset check out
Wicked cushions and the link below one
AI enabled product that has sparked
debate even controversy in The Gaming
Community is msi's AI enabled monitor
which as you can see is popping up
indicators completely independent of
your operating system or your game files
Whenever there is an enemy hero coming
into the frame in League of Legends now
MSI makes the argument that this isn't
cheating because all it's doing is
watching the mini map for you so in
theory it's not doing anything a skilled
player couldn't already do on their own
but by that logic why not highlight your
opponents in CS2 or draw an AI generated
racing line in Mario Kart of course of
these things exist already the
difference is that it's being handled by
a neural processor inside the monitor
making it impossible for the game
developer to detect now from my tone you
can probably tell how I feel about AI
assistants that unlevel the playing
field but I also see the argument from
the other side is it really any
different from having a higher quality
mouse or a better internet connection
whichever side you're on it's clear that
League of Legends opponent detection is
just the tip of the iceberg here with
MSI claiming that users will be able to
train an AI model on different games
or in the future even on the audio that
streams through the monitor to unlock
new gaming advantages So Ready or Not
Here It Comes AI voice Mouse really yes
really the tgsd from test gift has three
things that make it AI starting with a
dedicated microphone button on the side
that handles Voice to Text input so you
never need a keyboard again that's a
bold claim visit LTT store.com to get
great deals on apparel and other amazing
merchandise not bad other than the URL
not perfect but In
fairness that was a lot less typing than
entering that manually number two is the
dedicated voice translation button
simply enter your primary language and
your secondary language a voila visit
LTT store.com to get great deals on
apparel and other amazing
merchandise
that is actually a really unimaginative
but good translation finally it offers a
super convenient interface for text to
text translations automatically
detecting The Source language and
spitting out an English translation so
that hey look at that I can read
comments on our billybilly videos now I
can practically hear you screeching
finus I am already sitting at my
computer why would I use the processor
in a mouse for translation and the
answer is you shouldn't and there's no
processor in here the real product is
the software which is using Google's
commercial voice to text and AI
translation products in order to provide
a seamless experience they do have some
special sauce for people who regularly
work in multiple languages like the
dedicated buttons and the ability to
over time adapt to your particular
idiosyncrasies next up we've got the
etopia fusion the world's first dual
motor dual battery ebike and also the
world's first with chat GPT it boasts a
200 km range while weighing just 20 kg
and dual processors one for the motors
and another connected via Camus up here
in the head unit and this is where
things get really interesting it's got
cellular connectivity and an open API
meaning that pretty much any service
with an API can be integrated into the
bike not just chat GPT this one doesn't
have the latest firmware though so let's
hop over there and check out the demo
it's not keyed for my fingerprint so
fortunately it's already unlocked we got
to do is hold this button what do you
think of the LT store trust me bro
guarantee trust me bro guarantee may be
perceived as a catchy marketing slogan
that resonates with some customers there
are some limitations for now each
interaction creates a new prompt rather
than retaining the context of your
previous prompt but makes more sense
than I thought it would and chat GPT is
far from the most interesting API
integration many of their users for
example are already enjoying their apple
Health integration which allows allows
your heart rate to be synchronized from
your Apple watch to the display on the
bike and they're currently in talks with
an AI coaching software partner that
could unlock functionality like
monitoring your state of restfulness and
Advising you about how hard you should
be working or even automatically
adjusting motor output to make sure that
you're maintaining a reasonable heart
rate even the chat GPT integration isn't
as silly as it sounds on the surface
given that biking is absolutely a use
case where hands-free operation could
make sense you know hey tell me a great
route to travel to all the sites in Las
Vegas it throws that over to your
navigation software and you're Off to
the Races next up is the sear grills
Booth where the stakes have never been
higher they bet everything on their
first product an AI powered Grill and I
got to confess it looks pretty cool or
hot a big part of the reason they call
cooking an art is because there's just
too many variables for it to be a
science there's environmental ones like
the ambient temperature and humidity
food variables like the type of Cuisine
and the thickness and even user
preference variables like hey do you
want it medium medium well medium medium
well and what level of sear do you
prefer but the perfecta Grill has a
couple of superpowers that help it
balance all of these factors starting
with the unique burners each of these
can reach temperatures of up to, 1600
fit and is on a motor so that it can
control the distance from the meat or
pizza as it were in the center where the
AI comes in is optimizing the user
experience for every extra second that
it takes to cook your food it gets
punished so they say they can do three
RI eyes in as little as 90 seconds but
don't worry it's not going to skimp on
quality because it also gets punished if
you tell it hey you did a bad job which
unlocks some really cool functionality
both for you as the individual because
I'm sure you like enjoying your food but
also for even things like Regional
awareness you know in Texas rare might
look more like blue in Vancouver it
Cooks vertically for optimal Browning
and easy clean up with their dishwasher
safe cleanup tray and dishwasher safe
grills and it's not cheap but it'll do
Steak Burgers chicken and even a 10 and
1/2 inch pizza and they've even got a
rotary skewer attachment and for the
folks out there who hate AI art even
cooking art they've got a chef profile
which allows you to tune the temperature
and position of the burners manually and
then let the AI kind of fine-tune it
according to the
results there's the AI mattress with air
ride technology that adapts to your body
as you move around ducci's t11 AI
mattress may not be cheap coming in at
$9,000 but it is jam-packed full of
sensors that can monitor your heart rate
your breathing your wakefulness and yes
even the pressure on the mattress itself
which it uses to algorithmically adjust
the air cushion I inside the mattress to
ensure that you get the most comfortable
possible sleep now I haven't tried it
yet I'm I'm sleeping now I'm sleeping
okay that's trippy it almost feels like
the lumbar support in a chair you know
you know pushing my rump up oh my god it
feels like I'm sinking into quicksand a
little bit like it's filling in the arch
of my back and it's like it's giving me
like a hug come here come to sleep not
in a really creepy way okay okay okay
I'm more of a side sleeper
though the closest analog I have to this
is an air suspension in a vehicle you
know like you press a little thing and
it's
like you know it's that I don't know
that sound now our fashion team tells me
that I have unusually wide hips for a
man which I take as a compliment but it
can affect sleep comfort and I don't
think I've ever encountered anything
that compensates for it quite like this
does does it's like there's a little
like yeah come you know put your hip in
here pocket definitely cool just one
small problem there's nothing AI about
it it's algorithmic there's no way to
input any feedback and have it adjust
its approach in the future this isn't a
booth but it gives you some idea of how
hype AI is here we're in the AI aisle at
AI life they're showing off Zoe who
will'll get to in a minute and Coco a
virtual companion who's designed to
detect
your emotional state hardship hazardous
objects and situations like knives and
fire and engage a natural conversation
with a customizable Avatar which they
imagine will make her great for things
like elder care facilities and teaching
kids with learning disabilities I think
I'm going to have to get pretty close to
the microphone but let's go ahead and
see if we can interact Coco my family
hasn't come to visit what can I do I
would suggest reaching out to your
family and expressing how much you miss
them and with would love for them to
come visit meanwhile Zoe has a lot in
common with Coco but some extras that
make her more for entertainment she can
recite lines using text to speech move
her head move her jaw she actually sees
out of cameras positioned in her eye
sockets and she can also move her arms
making her perfect for animatronic
Museum exhibits next up is the pla note
from pla AI a voice recorder for
recording your lectures conversations or
meetings then synchronizing those
recordings to your phone transcribing
them and creating an index of all the
main topics which I guess is perfect for
the 35,000 people who just backed them
who don't have a phone actually the
pitch is a lot better than it sounds and
this is why this toggle switch on the
top switches between meeting recording
mode and phone call recording mode which
if you're an iPhone user you'll know is
not natively supported on the device
there's also the convenience factor it's
sitting right there all you do is hold
the button until it buzzes once now it's
recording and hold it again when it
buzzes twice it's all done they boast 30
hours of continuous recording and about
16 days of standby time meaning that you
shouldn't be topping it up very often on
the subject of charging even if your
phone is completely dead you can still
record audio files to the device then
pull them off with the magnetic USB
charging cable or you can just wait and
sync them with your phone when you get
back back to the wall the only main
issue I have with this is that because
it's powered by chat GPT there are some
privacy concerns I uh wouldn't recommend
using this if you work for a
three-letter
agency we found this robot dog from unit
Tre who is such a good boy and this one
who's more of an ominous boy they're
showing off a whole lineup of Machine
Vision and chat GPT enabled robot dogs
including to the one and only Stevie
Wonder right now
future right over here the big one
targets industrial applications with a
cost match but this guy starts at
$1600 and is targeting the entertainment
fun and educational markets
entertainment and fun are kind of the
same thing it features facial
recognition and through chat GPT it will
listen to instructions and respond play
music and even take photos their app
allows you to see from the dog's point
of view and the optional phone doc gives
you a surprisingly Grand man amount of
control over its movement and
pre-programmed actions of course you
don't have to manually control it with a
tracking module in your pocket it will
follow you around using this liar on the
front for obstacle detection it has a
graphical programming interface allowing
students for example to create their own
pre-programmed routines and it can do
everything from sit to roll over to
climb stairs to run at speeds of up to
18 km an hour although they have some
concerns about safety at those speeds
and all three models are limited to a
bit lower than that battery life is
about an hour or two for the go-to air
and the goto Pro and anywhere from 2 to
4 hours for the go-to edu which comes
with an extended battery not to mention
a whole host of other features including
compatibility with upgraded docking
modules a little like Servo arm and all
kinds of cool stuff although that one
starts at like
$10,000 I made a wonderful new friend
who will make me any drink I want and
asks nothing in return money behind me
is the bartending robot Adam who's
actually capable of not just bartending
he's running a barista program right now
and can also make boba but that's not
new what's new is his glowing blue chest
piece which is an Nvidia powered camera
module that allows Adam to detect
incoming customers and make conversation
with them using a large language model
that isn't chat
GPT but fundamentally Works in a similar
Manner and in the future they're working
on on logic that will allow Adam to
identify any foreign objects that are in
his way and adjust his movements to
compensate that's not done yet though so
let me get that out of your way he's the
first commercially deployed humanoid
bartending robot with seven permanent
installations and they rent them out for
events as well he can do drinks as
complicated as a salted Rim Margarita
though that takes about 2 minutes each
and can do a draft beer fill in about 10
seconds and he can dual wield it as well
which is pretty cool they say that a
trained bartender will obviously be able
to make drinks faster but because Adam
is not distractable he should on average
be able to keep
up I'm not going to drink this this is
Davids here go
David that's really good realistically
there was definitely some Innovation
there but also some stuff that pretty
much already existed and in previous
years would have been called iot or
5G I'll let you guys be the judge just
like you can judge me for this terrible
segue to our sponsor are you have most
Christians how like a tiny steam room
stop steaming your ears like your
broccoli W cushions offer all sort of
cushion replacement for your headphones
and it's not just your regular cushions
with add a dual layer cooling gel they
ensure you keep a cool head even your
team is feeding looking for a crack
wikied cushion give you a crack-free
comfort they use topnotch materials like
breathable sport Fabric and memory form
with over 25,000 reviews and a 365 days
to fall in love warranty don't listen to
me listen to your ears this time check
out Wicked cushions and the link below
if you guys enjoyed this video this will
probably be the last one that comes out
so go back and check out some of our
other CES coverage